Run a test with a cookie that lasts only 1 minute and then try to login. See if the cookie will be deleted or will still be there

notes about migrations and applicability of changes when changing from null to non-null but with default that isnt the case


Look at BarberController of old project and look how capitalize is used. It returns the duplicate field that was entered to the browser

#What happens when a barber or an admin try to make a booking. 

  No need to change vite.config.js. That is only used in development and not production
  VITE_BASE_URL needs changing to my backend domain
  VITE_STRIPE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY needs changing
  FRONTEND_BASE_URL still needs changing even though it is not used for CORS but it is used in Program.cs because it feeds my email links
  My config files (either netlify or vercel) to set up the proxy so that requests are silently sent to my backend, meaning the browser still thinks it is on
  the same origin, sending requests to itself
  Frontend URL and Backend URL can be entirely different, they dont have to use sub-domains. Example: https://dalesbarbershop.com, https://barbershop-api.azurewebsites.net,
  just make sure you set up the config files or set them up on the hosting website itself so the proxy is set up meaning requests that begin with /api are silently
  sent to the backend
  VITE_BASE_URL and STRIPE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY that are used in development should stay in .env (already done) but the ones used in production should be written
  in .env.production(already set up, you just have to replace the values).

Check if you the filtered index and not just a normal index.  see what happens when creating a barber, deleting it and creating 
it with the same email and how that relates to the amount of people. I dont think you even have a statcard in the dashboard showing the amount of different people. 

When making a closure check if it conflicts with any existing bookings. 
If so tell the admin what date the booking is and maybe what the user's details are and maybe if he has an email, then send him an email saying, your booking was
cancelled because the shop will be closing on that day. Regardless of whether he has an email or not, show the user's telephoone number incase the admin wants 
to call him informing him on the matter. Most of this part is done and the booking's infor is sent back but the mob number and the email aren't sent from the backend,
only his name and other information. Im not sure if this is done on the frontend but i dont think it is.



Also when making creating a booking. Make sure you do this:
catch (DbUpdateException ex) when (ex.InnerException?.Message.Contains("unique") == true)



when fetching a barber first to see if he exists or is active, select only the necessary columns you want because if you want to check the isActive status of the barber 
when you have 100s and 1000s of bookings, you will be fetching all of the unnecessary columns which will take a lot of time so select only the barber Id and isActive column
probably. Do the same for other stuff. This is probably true for update-booking and delete/:id in barbers controller

When going to production you need to toggle off test mode for stripe and then the
live keys will be revealed pk_live sk_live... . You then need to change your env variables

Also check if keys expire after 90 days

Add some validation on names in Services and maybe other attributes which need validation in all controllers

When confirming the booking, make sure the form has an email form to fill in
and next to it say something like "A reminder will be sent by email 2 hours before appointment"

IDempotencyCheck when sending a reminder and maybe even when sending a confirmation email
To do this add another field to the booking schema named ReminderSentAt
and in the email service check if it is not null. If this is the case then return


In production change the from email you use when sending emails, change it to the 
custom domain that you will have


Maybe a post-visit follow-up email ("thanks for visiting, leave a review")

Maybe loyalty tracking(10th cut free)


Add a mark as paid button to cash bookings in the dashboard

Decide whether bookings created by the admin can be marked as paid since their amount is set to null


Dpnt forget that the githib repo is private and not public

When you have the admin's email and password, re run dotnet run -- --seed-admin in the terminal with the new values in the .env file



Check for Strip exceptions and general exceptions in webhoook, confirm-cash, DatesController and the BookingCanceller

From Claude: "- Known caveat (unchanged from the webhook discussion): if a Stripe refund succeeds but the DB write then fails, that one booking needs manual follow-up — logged, money never at risk."

Implement the closure/booking collision on the frontend. When making a closure, if the closure conflicts with some bookings, return those bookings(already done
in the Dates controller) and ask the user if he is sure he wants to create a closure. If he clicks yes, then those bookings are cancelled. Everything is done on
the backend, the frontend is what needs work. 

If a booking extends beyond the closing hour, is it allowed. 

If a booking ends at 10:00, and a closure starts at that time, is that considered a conflict? Does it take into consideration the buffer after the booking? 

Hangfire not initialized in Program.cs and encoding issues in FancyPhoneInput and somewhere else.

